Game Jolt Proprietary Rights Complaint Process and Notification Form 
If you are a copyright or trademark owner and you believe that your copyright or trademark rights have been violated by content made available through the Game Jolt website, please complete and submit a signed copy of this form to our designated agent, at Lucent Web Creative, LLC., 50 N Linden Rd. #563, Hershey, PA 17033 or ipagent@gamejolt.com. Our agent information is provided pursuant to Section 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the “DMCA”). 
Upon receipt of a complete and signed form, we will remove or disable access to the allegedly infringing content and will promptly notify the user who posted such content that access has been disabled, as is our obligation under the DMCA. If your notification is not signed or is not on this form and does not contain the authorization language of this form, we may work with you to obtain a properly executed notification. However, if any of the other information is missing from your notification, we will not be able to respond to your request. 
Pursuant to Section 512(g)(2) of the DMCA, the user who posted the allegedly infringing content may provide us with a counter-notification, indicating that the allegedly infringing content was removed or disabled as the result of a mistake or misidentification of the content. This counter-notification must (a) be signed; (b) include the user's name, address and telephone number; (c) include a statement that the user is making the counter-notification under penalty of perjury and (d) state that the user consents to the jurisdiction of the federal district court where the user’s address is located. If we receive such a counter-notification, a copy will be sent to you notifying you that access to the allegedly infringing content will be restored within ten (10) business days. Access will be restored between the 10th and 14th business day after we receive a counter-notification, unless you inform us that you have filed an action seeking a court order to restrain the user who posted the allegedly infringing content from engaging in infringing activity on our network and servers. 
Nature of Infringement: □ Copyright □ Trademark 
Description of your proprietary material that has been infringed: 
The "Turn Off the Lights" trademark is registered in many countries worldwide and due to our marketing activities one of our well known trademark for the browser extension. And this infringing developer uses our “Turn Off the Lights” as his game application name. https://www.turnoffthelights.com/trademarks.html Registration numbers of your proprietary material, if any: 
Description of infringing material located on our site: 
That game application uses our registered trademark “Turn Off the Lights” as he 
owns the name. 
URL at which infringing material is located: 
Your contact information 
Name: Telephone No.: 
Address: 
E-mail: Fax No.: 
By signing below, you certify, under penalty of perjury under the laws of the United States of America, that (a) the information that you provided above is accurate, (b) you either are the exclusive owner of the proprietary rights described above or are authorized to act on such owner’s behalf and (c) you have a good faith belief that the use of the allegedly infringing content as provided above has not been authorized by the owner, its agent or the law. 
Signature: Date: 
Printed Name: 
3272-001 dc05cg01m7 
TURN OFF THE LIGHTS USPTO - US Registration Number: 4387797

https://gamejolt.com/games/turn-off-the-light/146989
https://gamejolt.com/games/turn-off-the-light-offical/202063
https://gamejolt.com/games/don-t-turn-off-the-lights/16388
https://gamejolt.com/games/totl/423849

Name: [Private]
Telephone No.: [private]
Address: [Private]
E-mail: [Private]
