Dear Sir/Madam, We are providing you this letter of notification to make you aware of material on your network or system that infringes the exclusive intellectual property rights of LEGO A/S, LEGO Juris A/S and LEGO System A/S (collectively but not exclusively “the LEGO Group”). The LEGO Group holds exclusive worldwide rights to the LEGO® intellectual property, including but not limited to the famous LEGO word mark, the famous red-square LEGO logo and the Minifigure figurine. These trademarks and copyrights, registered and/or protected under US and international trademark and copyright law, are used to identify, advertise and promote products and activities developed and/or held by the LEGO Group of companies. We hereby confirm that the information in this notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, we affirm that the undersigned is authorized to act on behalf of the LEGO Group whose exclusive intellectual property rights we believe to be infringed as described herein. As you are certainly aware, our client is the owner of the world-famous LEGO word mark, the world-famous red-square LEGO logo, the LEGO Minifigure figurine design and the basic Minifigure with registrations in the United States, the European Union, and many other countries. For your convenience we cite, inter alia: • U.S. Registration Nos. 2060284, 3440699 and EU Registration Nos. EM01223684, EM02829463 for the world-famous LEGO word mark and logo. • U.S. Registration Nos. 4903968, 4520327 and EU Registration Nos. EM00050450, EM00050518 for the LEGO® Minifigure figurine design • U.S. Copyright Registration No. VA0000655104 and VA0000655230 for the LEGO® Minifigure figurine, enforceable through application of the Berne Convention in over 170 signatory countries We have a good faith belief that the mobile app and all associated pages/material found at gamejolt.com infringes the rights of the the LEGO Goup by using prima facie official images and trademarks of the the LEGO Group ("Infringing Material"). Accordingly, we hereby demand that you immediately remove or disable access to the Infringing Material available at: URL: ..... https://gamejolt.com/games/LEGO-Five-Nights-at-Freddys/561514 Tag: ..... TrademarkInfringement Brand: ... Lego Landing URL: ..... https://gamejolt.com/games/LEGO-Five-Nights-at-Freddys/561514 We have a good faith belief that use of the trademark(s) and copyrighted image(s) described above in connection with the domain and URLs described above is not authorized by the trademark owner, and such use is not otherwise permissible under applicable law. This letter is provided without prejudice to any claims or remedies the the LEGO Group may have in connection with this matter whatsoever, all of which are expressly reserved. The LEGO Group reserves the right to take further action, without notice. Sincerely, The LEGO Group Brand Protection
